Name: Yash Kapoor

	Important Goals of my Design and Description of the Computation of Average Time

In this project, I created a program that implements a calculator system using the
client-server paradigm. I will describe the important goals of my design and give a 
description of the computation of average time using point form:
- I used two message queues. One for sending data from the user to the calculator and the 
other one to send data from the calculator back to the user, indicating that the operation
is done.
- The user is responsible for entering a command. Once the command is entered and an argument
associated with that command (if any) are sent to the calculator simultaneously. Then, 
the calculator displays the result of that command (e.g., If average is entered, it computes and
displays the average). Finally, a message is sent back to the user, telling them that the 
calculator successfully finished the operation. If it fails to complete the operation, 
it will send the appropriate error message to the user.
- The user is allowed to insert up to 15 numbers as long as they are integers (negative, 0, 
positive are all acceptable). Specifically, I declared an array of size 15; therefore, the
user can insert at most 15 integers in their set of numbers. 
- When the user enters invalid input, exception handling is implemented into the design to 
account for that. 
- To compute the average time it takes for processes to perform the operations, I found the
time it requires to perform the operations for each command by using gettimeofday(&start, NULL) and
gettimeofday(&end, NULL). Then, I subtracted the end time by the start time to compute 
the total time it takes for each operation to finish in microseconds. I stored the total 
time it takes for these operations to complete in 6 separate variables (one for each command). 
Afterwards, I introduced variables and changed them to "1" whenever a command is entered.
This allowed me to check if all commands have been entered, so the "Time" command can be 
used to compute the average time. Specifically, to compute the average time, I simply added each
variable together and divided that result by the number of total operations (which are equal
to 6 -> Insert, Delete, Sum, Average, Min, and Median). The user must test all these operations
first. Then, they can use this "Time" command to compute the average time for all operations.




